A better way to gauge labor participation is the employment-population ratio, sometimes referred to as the employment rate, which measures how many people work out of the total working age population (Freeze, 2009). The unemployment rate and the employment-population rate for people with and without disabilities are released at the beginning of every month in the Employment Situation, a monthly report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (U.S. Department of Labor) at  http://www.bls.gov/bls/newsrels.htm.
Are There Other Sources of Labor Data That I Should Be Aware of?
The internet provides many resources about employment data and services. We recommend the following websites:
http://www.StateData.info This website at the Institute for Community Inclusion, University of Massachusetts Boston, offers data on employment services, employment outcomes and population information about people with disabilities. Users can generate customized charts and tables, download raw data, and read publications that discuss and analyze critical issues in the area of employment of people with disabilities. Data are from a number of national datasets.
http://www.communityinclusion.org This is the main website for the Institute for Community Incusion at University of Massachusetts Boston. Information is available through different formats that include articles, data notes, research to practice, research reports, and links to other resources. These resources can be searched by topic, author, audience, or publication type from the home page.
http://www.worksupport.com This website at Virginia Commonwealth University is a rich resource for information about how to support people with disabilities and employers and facilitate employment of adults with disabilities. Resources include references to books, briefing papers, case studies, factsheets, and monographs.
http://www.bls.gov/bls/newsrels.htm This Bureau of Labor Statistics website focuses on economic and labor market data. It includes a wealth of information on employment, earnings, projections, and other major economic national indicators for individuals with and without disabilities. The monthly Employment Situation Report containing unemployment and labor fore participation data is published here.
http://autism.sedl.org/ A project focusing on vocational rehabilitation service models for individuals with autism spectrum disorders.
https://www.disability.gov/employment This section of Disability.gov, a federal government website focused on disability-related programs, services, laws and benefits, has resources for people who are looking for a job or interested in becoming self-employed.


Table 10. Labor Market Success Indicators by Disability Status: 2015
No disability Any disability Cognitive disability Cognitive disability
with SSI
A. Percentage employed (employment rate) 73.6% 34.3% 24.8% 8.4%
B. Percentage unemployed 4.7% 5.6% 6.9% 2.9%
C. Percentage not in the labor force 21.7% 60.1% 68.3% 88.7%
Total (A+B+C) 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
Unemployment rate (number unemployed /
number employed + number unemployed) 6.0% 14.1% 21.8% 25.9%

When Miles was not School age my day was filled taking Miles to and from therapies and staying in attendance where ever we were. 
Primarily my role was to get him ready for them dress and bath him and drive him While Kate got the other kids off to day care and or School.
At that point Miles had almost a complete day of therapies with 2 sessions in the morning and 1-2 in the afternoon. 
OT was about 45 minutes to an hour each way so that took up 2/3 afternoons a week. 
Speech was generally in the evening after Kate picked up the other children from the bus and day care she would met me and Miles for a quick meal and I would drive Miles to and from speech, This
allowed Kate to stay home and do home with Ian and Lily and not require all of them to be lugged to speech.
At that time Miles food restrictions due to allergies and his selective taste made for a considerable effort in preparing food and getting him to eat which I took care of and continue to do so even though the allergies have gone away he is still a picky eater. 
I would also at that time prepare and pack Miles lunch. In the early days of school I also delivered his lunch most days as he was unwilling to eat cold food until much later. 
His allergies limited him to very few options that I prepare/bought cooked and delivered.     
When kindergarten came around my mornings were spent preparing Miles for School wash/dress etc while Kate packed the other 2 off to their respective days. 
Kate took Ian to day care and drove Lily to School or to the bus stop. 
I would have to drive Miles to School as they would not allow Miles on the bus after a few attempts to do so failed. I would pick up  Miles after School and either take him directly to his therapies then take him home or take him home 
to feed him quickly before driving him to speech etc. Apart from all the back and forth Miles really needs a lot of attention. 
He can easily put him self in dangerous positions and needs constant reminders to do things such as wash his hands etc. 
This real puts the Wrights in a difficult position, as they both work and have 2 other children so I generally 
attend to Miles early evening after or before therpies so the one or other parent can spend some time with the other children. 
On occasion if Lily and or Ian were leaving the same School at the same time and Miles didn't have a session that day,I would also take them home to 
avoid Kate having to this was really only possible when they were all at St Catherine's that one year the other years we had to divide and conquer.
Miles is a wonderful child that I adore and nowdays he is on the bus with an aide I spend more time organizin his back pack etc as well as getting him ready.
I still prepare his food and still run him to speech and therapists as before except now I only pick him up from school on days when we have a therapy or 
we have a session with his a tutor. I still watch Miles while Kate does homework with Lily and Ian for about a hour or so after I return from therapy etc. 
My week in the early days was a good 40 hours now it is around 3 hours per day for School prep and getting him sorted when he returns and and addition 6 hrso
on therapy days which are 3 times a week.     

